Add kedro-mlflow to the list of community plugins (#113) (#684)
quantumblacklabs/kedro: docs/source/07_extend_kedro/04_plugins.md

- [Kedro-Accelerator](https://github.com/deepyaman/kedro-accelerator), by [Deepyaman Datta](https://github.com/deepyaman), speeds up pipelines by parallelizing I/O in the background
- [kedro-dataframe-dropin](https://github.com/mzjp2/kedro-dataframe-dropin), by [Zain Patel](https://github.com/mzjp2), lets you swap out pandas datasets for modin or RAPIDs equivalents for specialised use to speed up your workflows (e.g on GPUs)
- [kedro-kubeflow](https://github.com/getindata/kedro-kubeflow), by [Mateusz Pytel](https://github.com/em-pe) and [Mariusz Strzelecki](https://github.com/szczeles), lets you run and schedule pipelines on Kubernetes clusters using [Kubeflow Pipelines](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/pipelines/overview/pipelines-overview/)

> - [kedro-mlflow](https://github.com/Galileo-Galilei/kedro-mlflow), by [Yolan Honoré-Rougé](https://github.com/galileo-galilei), [Kajetan Maurycy Olszewski](https://github.com/kaemo), and [Takieddine Kadiri](https://github.com/takikadiri) facilitates [Mlflow](https://www.mlflow.org/) integration inside Kedro projects while enforcing [Kedro's principles](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/12_faq/01_faq.html?highlight=principles#what-is-the-philosophy-behind-kedro). Its main features are modular configuration, automatic parameters tracking, datasets versioning, Kedro pipelines packaging and serving and automatic synchronization between training and inference pipelines for high reproducibility of machine learning experiments and ease of deployment. A tutorial is provided in the [kedro-mlflow-tutorial repo](https://github.com/Galileo-Galilei/kedro-mlflow-tutorial).

Reviewer: Did you maybe mean this one? The previous link didn't exist.

```suggestion
- [kedro-mlflow](https://github.com/Galileo-Galilei/kedro-mlflow), by [Yolan Honoré-Rougé](https://github.com/galileo-galilei), [Kajetan Maurycy Olszewski](https://github.com/kaemo), and [Takieddine Kadiri](https://github.com/takikadiri) facilitates [Mlflow](https://www.mlflow.org/) integration inside Kedro projects while enforcing [Kedro's principles](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/12_faq/01_faq.html?highlight=principles#what-are-the-primary-advantages-of-kedro). Its main features are modular configuration, automatic parameters tracking, datasets versioning, Kedro pipelines packaging and serving and automatic synchronization between training and inference pipelines for high reproducibility of machine learning experiments and ease of deployment. A tutorial is provided in the [kedro-mlflow-tutorial repo](https://github.com/Galileo-Galilei/kedro-mlflow-tutorial).
```

Should make linkchecker pass.

Author: Well spotted! I have never used the CI to check for broken links but the idea is so cool that I added it to kedro mlflow (and discover dozens of broken links in the docs...). Definitely worth opening this PR, I've learnt something today :)

I've just rebased/squashed and pushed again, it should be ok now.
